
TASK-1:

S.No	Javascript	                                                   NodeJS

1.    Javascript is a programming language that is used                 NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment.
      for writing scripts on the website.

2.    Javascript can only be run in the browsers.                       NodeJS code can be run outside the browser.

3.    It is basically used on the client-side.	                        It is mostly used on the server-side.

4.    Javascript is used in frontend development.	                Nodejs is used in server-side development.

5.    It is the upgraded version of ECMA script that uses              Nodejs is written in C, C++ and Javascript.
      Chrome’s V8 engine written in C++.

TASK-2:

1. In this we get how the browser render a website.

2. Then parsing of html and css.

3. About DOM tree cssom tree and render tree.

4. Layout computes where a Node will be on the screen.

5. Painting computes bitmaps and composites to screen.


TASK-3:

1.   An html element's start tag may be omitted if the first thing inside the html element is not a comment.

2.   An html element's end tag may be omitted if the html element is not immediately followed by a comment.

3.   A head element's start tag may be omitted if the element is empty, or if the first thing inside the head element is an element.

4.   A head element's end tag may be omitted if the head element is not immediately followed by a space character or a comment.

5.   A body element's start tag may be omitted if the element is empty, or if the first thing inside the body element is not a space character or a comment, except if the first thing inside the body element is a script or style element.

6.   A body element's end tag may be omitted if the body element is not immediately followed by a comment.

TASK-4:

Input :

        console.log(typeof(1));
        console.log(typeof(1.1));
        console.log(typeof('1.1'));
        console.log(typeof(true));
        console.log(typeof(null));
        console.log(typeof(undefined));
        console.log(typeof([]));
        console.log(typeof({}));
        console.log(typeof(NaN));

Output:

number
number
string
boolean
object
undefined
object
object
number
	